[ PRELIMINARY STATEMENT ]

Dedication to study, respect for authority, strict observance of the rules and regulations 
of the FEU Institute of Technology, and unfailing courtesy are expected of all students 
at all times. Students are required to comply with the provisions specified herein. 
The Administration, after due process, reserves the right to suspend or dismiss students 
from the Institute at any time, or remove them from the list of candidates for graduation.

-------------------------------
[ ARTICLE 1 ]

                                       (GENERAL BEHAVIOR)
Section 1.1    Students shall, at all times, conduct themselves in an appropriate decorum and 
appearance in accordance with the policies promulgated by the Institute. 

Section 1.2    Students shall wear the prescribed uniform, appropriate attire and validated 
school identification cards upon entry and while inside the campus. Cross-dressing is 
strictly prohibited.

Section 1.3    Students shall not wear studs on any part of their body. Male students are not 
allowed to wear earrings while on campus.

Section 1.4    Students shall wear neatly-done and well-groomed hair style. Extreme and 
bright hair color shall not be allowed.

Section 1.5    Students shall not bring in the premises of the Institute any alcoholic drink or 
any prohibited drug or substance. 

Section 1.6    Students shall not smoke within the premises of the Institute. Possession 
of lighters, cigarettes, e-cigarettes and materials or substances related to the act of 
smoking shall not be allowed as well.
 
Section 1.7    Students shall not enter the premises of the Institute under the influence of 
liquor or any prohibited drug. 

Section 1.8    Students shall not engage in gambling, lottery or in any other scheme where 
chance, monetary and/or material considerations are involved while inside the Institute.
Such schemes include, with or without the element of chance, the enticement of the 
students to part with their property in consideration of an empty promise of gain or benefit.

Section 1.9    Students shall not bring in the Institute premises explosive materials or deadly 
weapons of any kind (list is available at Discipline Unit). The use of a weapon, or a threat to 
use one shall aggravate the act without prejudice to existing law. 

Section 1.10  Students shall, at all times in all forms of medium be respectful and proper in 
their conduct. They shall refrain from using language and committing acts that are offensive, 
disrespectful, vulgar or indecent, or which in any manner may cause or tend to disturb other 
students or associates of the Institute.

Section 1.11  Students shall not vandalize or damage any school facilities and properties of 
the Institute.
 
Section 1.12  Students shall not commit any form of littering or unsanitary act within the 
premises of the Institute. The "Clean As You Go" rule shall be applied in the classrooms and 
canteen.

Section 1.13  Students shall not, in any manner, disturb classes and academic functions. 
Hence, electronic gadgets such as mobile phones should be switched to silent mode during 
class hours and other school functions or gatherings.

Section 1.14  Students shall abide by the "Bring your Own Device (BYOD)" Policy. 

Section 1.15  Students shall not commit any form of dishonesty. Details can be found in the 
list of offenses.

Section 1.16  Students shall not form and maintain any unauthorized barricade, make or 
maintain any form of obstruction to any entrance to or exit from the Institute, nor prevent, 
coerce or threaten other students or associates of the Institute from entering into or going 
out of the school premises.

Section 1.17  Students shall not be involved in any form of hazing or any activity, including, 
but not limited to, coercion, threats which may result in actual or threatened infliction of 
harm and physical injury upon their fellow students and associates of the Institute. 

Section 1.18  Students shall refrain from publicly displaying any acts of intimacy.

Section 1.19  Students shall maintain silence in the corridors at all times.

Section 1.20  Students shall keep all stairways and corridors clear for passage.

Section 1.21  Students shall maintain order and observe proper conduct in using the 
elevators, study area, canteen, restrooms and other areas within the school premises.

Section 1.22  Students shall abide by the Institute's Policy on Bullying.

Section 1.23  Students shall not tamper firefighting equipment and cause unnecessary 
activation of the building Fire Detection and Alarm System.

Section 1.24  Students shall not enter/access restricted areas.

Section 1.25  Students shall submit to random frisking.

-------------------------------
